
podcatcher-options-format(5) -- podcatcher options file format
==============================================================

## DESCRIPTION

Files specified with `podcatcher --options` are YAML files that are formatted as follows:

* An option is specified as a key-value pair.
* Option keys are long versions of `podcatcher` option switches. For example, the `--strategy` option switch translates as the `strategy` key.
* The `options` option key is ignored if present.

## EXAMPLE

  # podcatcher options file <br>

  # Directory for storing application state <br>
  dir: "."

  # Directory for storing downloaded content <br>
  # (do not use special shell characters such as ~ in filenames, <br>
  # podcatcher does not know how to handle them) <br>
  #cachedir: "/media/disk/podcasts" <br>

  # Size of content cache in megabytes <br>
  size: 512

  # Download strategy <br>
  strategy: chron_one

  # Regular expression that matches the types of content to be downloaded <br>
  #content: "^audio/mpeg$|^audio/x-mpeg$" <br>
  #content: "^audio/" <br>
  #content: "^video/" <br>
  #content: "^audio/|^video/" <br>
  #content: "^image/" <br>
  content: ""

  # Ignore feeds that do not match these languages <br>
  #language: "de" <br>
  #language: "en,fr-ca" <br>
  language: ""

  # Playlist type <br>
  #type: smil <br>
  #type: pls <br>
  #type: asx <br>
  #type: tox <br>
  #type: xspf <br>
  type: m3u

  # Create one subfolder per feed in content cache? <br>
  #perfeed: true <br>
  perfeed: false

  # Do not download content (useful for testing)? <br>
  #asif: true <br>
  asif: false

  # Run verbosely? <br>
  #verbose: false <br>
  verbose: true 

  # Read arguments from specified files (the files contain one argument per line) <br>
  #arguments: "/home/user/podcatcher_arguments.txt" <br>
  #arguments: "http://www.config.com/podcatcher_arguments.txt" <br>

  # Maximum number of download attempts for a given file <br>
  retries: 4

  # The order in which feeds are traversed when downloading content <br>
  #order: sequential <br>
  #order: alphabetical <br>
  #order: reverse <br>
  order: random

  # Used function <br>
  #function: search <br>
  function: download

  # Ignore content that is older than the horizon date <br>
  #horizon: "2007.03.22" <br>
  #horizon: "2007.03" <br>
  #horizon: "2007" <br>

  # The number of content downloads to be remembered, in order to avoid  <br>
  # downloading them again <br>
  memsize: 2000

  # Directory for storing torrent files, when using an external BitTorrent client <br>
  #torrentdir: "/home/user/torrents" <br>

  # Maximum number of feeds to be handled in one session <br>
  feeds: 1000

  # Maximum upload rate (in kilobytes per second) for the internal BitTorrent  <br>
  # client (comment out following line if upload rate is not bounded) <br>
  uploadrate: 10

  # In the content directory, create subdirectories and files using names that are <br>
  # acceptable for restrictive filesystems such as VFAT <br>
  #restrictednames: false <br>
  restrictednames: true

  # Check if a newer version is available? <br>
  #checkforupdate: false <br>
  checkforupdate: true

  # The minimum desired content size in megabytes; if downloaded content is  <br>
  # less than this size, other content is downloaded using the same feed until  <br>
  # this size is reached <br>
  itemsize: 0

  # Delete all previously downloaded content? <br>
  #empty: true <br>
  empty: false


## SEE ALSO

podcatcher(1)


## COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2016 Doga Armangil <doga.armangil@alumni.epfl.ch>


